fix(curriculum): add mention of transcripts to welcome chapter (#58780)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lecture-welcome-to-freecodecamp/6734ddabad59e593a49afafe.md

# --description--

> Watch the video or read the transcript and answer the questions below.

Reviewer: Actually, it looks like this is the only video that doesn't have questions associated with it

```suggestion
Watch the video or read the transcript and complete the assignment below.
```

> Watch the video or read the transcript and complete the assignment below.

Reviewer: please change this to match the others

Author: Sure, will do shortly!
